It had been a long day for Christian. He had just finished his baseball workout
and he did not impress the scouts as he had hoped. His dreams are to one day 
play Major League Baseball, but right now, he's in college at the University
of Vanderbilt as a shortstop or SS for short. The College World Series is 
coming up and Christian is the star of the team but has been struggling lately.
He's wondering if he is truly good enough to make it to the leagues. So many
people have always told him how he will be under the bright lights one day but
the weight of the pressure is getting to him. The scout is now approaching 
Christian. "Keep your head up kid. Everyone has rough days," he said. This made
Christian feel a little better and he decided to go home and rest up for the 
College World Series.
Christian arrived at his place  and decided to get something to eat. He wanted
to eat the snacks and candy he had but knew that he should eat healthy so that
he is in his best shape for the College World Series.
	Christian has a mom who is really old. She is older than Christian and 
doesn't understand why Christian doesn't stay at home playing video games 
like her colleagues' kids. Christian's mom wonders why her son has a 
passion for baseball. Despite that, Christian's mom takes her son to 
the story to buy some snacks for the game.


As christian go out to take a beer from the refrigrator ,her mom is watching he news about the corona virus. It said that all baseball games are canceled. 
Christian mom said "great, now that you don't need to prepare for the game 
you can stay home after the spring break and cook for me".Chrisitan screemed "no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!".Chrisitan can't accpect the fact that he is going to 
spend two more weeks with his mom.So he decide to develop a mexican food cookinng machine to make tacos,burritos, and tostatas for his mom. Then for the next 2 weeks he finished his taco machine , then he go back to school forgot about the fact that  he already end up cooking everyday for his mom for 2 weeks. 

Despite his ambition, Christian's taco machine turned out to be little more than
a cardboard box with compartments holding ingredients. Having wasted his time, 
he decided to go outside and play some more baseball. He practiced pitching
for a great while, but it began to get dark.

